Trigger benchmarks (#1298)
paritytech/cumulus: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release.md

### Benchmarks

> The benchmarks are trigger from PRs against the `release-parachains-v*` branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The benchmarks are triggered by PRs against the `release-parachains-v*` branches.
```

Reviewer: why is this section in the issue template anyway

Author: This is a NOOP (almost) to (re)trigger the benchmarks. You will find what you have in mind in [this PR](https://github.com/paritytech/cumulus/pull/1297)
